Set up usage statistics exports to a google sheet (#185)
alphagov/govuk-coronavirus-find-support: docs/usage_statistics_exports.md

# How can you export data

Aggregated anonymous daily data can be extracted from the application for any
specified time period using the `/data-export` route.  Output is available in
CSV format.

For example, to get data for a five day period starting 10th April 2020:

>      <path-to-service>/data-export.csv?start_date=2020-04-08&end_date=2020-04-15

Reviewer: I know you've just copied this from the README, but the date range gives seven days rather than five days (as mentioned above)

Author: Great spot!

> If a date is not supplied it will output a CSV covering all time periods:

Reviewer: It looks like the default parameters (https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-coronavirus-find-support/pull/185/files#diff-af972ce9990665f118a3e71481574974R19-R20) are from 2020-01-01 to 86400 seconds from now (i.e. 24 hours time)

Author: Have amended the docs to clarify, let me know what you think?

     <path-to-service>/data-export.csv

## Google App scripts & Sheets

> PAs have access to the aggrigate data through a google sheet which can be found here:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Performance Analysts have access to the aggregate data through a Google sheet which can be found here:
```

[Find Support Tool - Usage Statistics](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1d0tqlBH83TkQ8oLGDSpbIDs0YWe2burhXA-m7OR3Irk)

> The sheet uses a fetch script written with with Google App scripts ([see dashboard here](https://script.google.com/home/projects/120es-7Lec6yZo9VdHMigppso2eaIeh1Nq39XevJj6LTp5Vo8ySGCF59P)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sheet uses a fetch script written with Google App scripts ([see dashboard here](https://script.google.com/home/projects/120es-7Lec6yZo9VdHMigppso2eaIeh1Nq39XevJj6LTp5Vo8ySGCF59P)).
```
